How much have you taken? Matty!
What? I said. how
much have you robbed?
Don't say robbed.
What about you?
Last night. about a grand.
A grand?! Yes. Jesus!
We have to stop. Matty. I mean it.
We're nine grand down this
month. so someone's robbing.
I want you to mind something for me.
No. Yeah. No. Yes.
Fuck!
Emily. it's dad. It's
not what you think it is.
Please. give me a call back.
Danny! No. please!
Danny. no!
And he'd robbed me money.
Who? Danny! Danny. your ex Danny?
No. Daniel o'fucking donnell.
Kelly. Well. how much?
£34.000.
Maybe the safe.
There's no way we'll get caught.
Absolutely no way on earth.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hiya. I said I'd call you
if anything happened.
Have you seen Danny? You've
rang me like. ten times now.
No. I haven't seen
him. No lights. nothing?
No lights. nothing.
It's the same as before -
car's here. curtains are closed.
Fuck.
Look. Lea. I can't stay here all night.
I've got work tomorrow. Please. just...
Just stay there as
long as you can. please.
Please. Kelly. I've got to get
this money back from Danny.
Wish you'd get better taste in men.
Yeah. so do I.
Look. thank you.
God. the state of me.
I'm. er...
I'm looking for a place.
And... This one came up.
Me Nana's going into care. and
we're going to lose our house.
It's two weeks till the auction.
May as well be 20
years. I'll never afford it.
What?
Nothing.
Just frustrated.
I nearly had the money
for the deposit. but...
You know. when something's
so close and then it get...
It goes away? Look.
When something goes
and you want it badly
enough. you go after it harder.
Or you just shut the fuck up. ok?
Hunt it down.
Get it.
Ok.
Yeah.
Hi. this is Emily.
Leave a message after the tone
and I'll call you back.
Fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck.
Right. it's busy tonight.
How much are we taking?
Fucking hell. Steady.
We need to think. Plan. Plan?!
You were the one just dipping
whenever you fancied. No. no. no.
What?
It's Nancy.
Shit.
She's here to check the books. Fuck.
First Monday of the quarter.
innit? Right. I'll get to the cage. No.
Evening. miss Parker.
Evening. miss Parker. Are you ok?
Matthew. as soon as we can. please.
Fuck!
Yeah? Yeah. I'm going.
S... Amy.
Will you get Irina to cover for me? Yeah.
Nancy's here.
Shit!
So sorry I'm late.
My god. My god. sorry! It's all right.
Ok.
I've done it again.
Thank you. Thanks.
It has to stop.
Sorry?
Sleeping here. in this office.
It has to stop.
I sometimes stay here in... In the office.
But me mum. you
know. me mum... It'll stop.
Yeah. From now on. it'll stop.
Yeah.
Drugs will also not be
tolerated. No... Jesus!
Now. I... I ne... we...
We?! No. not we. me.
I wouldn't... I never... I
would never. have never...
The corridor that leads to the toilets.
two bulbs are out. it's dark.
And two females are using
the gloom to take cocaine.
Fixed first thing. Sorry.
And now...
Financial takings and returns.
Takings through the cage...
Up.
Up?
15.000.
15? Almost exactly.
Bravo.
Thanks. And footfall
has remained consistent.
so the staff need a pat on the back
for turning a higher
return through the tables.
Absolutely.
All in all...
Bravo!
Fucking hell.
Meg...
How long are you
looking to keep this up?
You should be thanking
me. not ignoring me.
I'm not ignoring you.
I've just got nothing to say to you.
And neither has
anyone else on that table.
You need to understand
that. because until you do...
We were grateful to you. most of us.
I didn't do it for me. But then that boy -
the boy you sent down.
Rum and ginger. please. love.
Can you put it on the
tab and send it over?
He died in prison. that lad.
He died. and there's still
drugs all over Chinatown.
And it didn't even make a difference...
What you did.
It didn't make one bit of difference at all.
How many new lads did you get?
One.
One? One. and it's... It's not a lad.
It's... it's Neil's fiancee.
Are you having a laugh?
How's she doing?
Not good.
She keeps winning.
Are you watching them for robbing?
He's family. he... Family Rob. too.
Listen. if he's staying on. he
needs to know the penalty. all right?
Otherwise. there's no deterrent. is there?
And it's not me that's
going to batter him. it's you.
Everyone has to know the penalty. ok?
You make sure that those
two start fucking losing.
How are you. mate?
Yeah. I'm good.
Well. I can see that. I was
wondering how you were.
So. was old Nancy on the warpath. then?
Your mum? My mother. yes.
No. she's. you know... A pain in the arse?
No! I'm gonna tell her you
called her a pain in the arse.
Don't you dare.
So how'd it go?
Yeah. it was really interesting.
You really are lying now. aren't you?
There it is. What?
The reason I come here.
The reason you come here is
to run your mum home. Gary.
What can I say? I can't
help myself. I'm a good son.
And a good fella. Is that right?
Yeah. every day of the week.
You should try me. I'm sound.
So are you.
See you about. then. yeah?
Hopefully.
Maybe. Keep me fingers
crossed. then. yeah?
You don't give up. do
you? I never give up. me.
Does your wife?
Ex-wife.
No.
Constable ning.
Detective sergeant ning. Is it. yeah?
I saw you was looking for
a bit of company there. so...
What the fuck are you
doing in me mum's club?
What the fuck are you doing
still selling drugs in Chinatown?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't bring trouble to me mum's club.
You bring trouble everywhere you go.
Yeah. well. you bring a fair bit
of trouble with you. don't you?
Hey...
We had an agreement.
Yeah. we did.
You were supposed to leave me alone.
You were happy when it was
working out for you. weren't you?
Both did well out of it.
I'm a copper.
It's my job to enforce the law.
stop crime. and protect the innocent.
Protect the innocent. yeah?
I know you.
Be lucky.
Where have you been?
Scrubbing that fucking carpet
while she points at the
bits I've missed. leanne.
Right. look. what are we doing
tonight? She's only just gone.
But she has gone. Yeah.
I know. but it's a bit...
We should just carry on.
If the take is up. we could...
It feels a bit weird with her
just being here. doesn't it?
Look. I've told you. I'm desperate.
We could get as mu...
Answer it.
Yeah?
It depends who you're looking for.
The coke?
It's a bit awkward at the moment. mate.
Can you call me back in a mo'?
What was that? You
think you've got problems.
I have got problems. Yeah? Right.
A fella who was going to break me
legs made me hold a bag of drugs.
and now he's going to break
me neck because I've lost it.
Well. just buy some
drugs and give him them.
Yeah. is there any chance
you could lend me the money
for this bag of drugs. please?
No. I thought not.
This fella. is he... Is he hard?
He could get my money back.
What about me?
Then... we can find
your drugs. you and me.
Where'd you lose them? They
were taken from me. Who by?
My daughter. You've got a daughter?!
Of course I've got a daughter.
yeah. I thought you were gay.
You can be gay and have
a daughter. So you are gay?
Nope. I'm not gay. leanne. no.
She's me daughter. all right? Yeah.
She was visiting. listening to
music. then she must have started
rooting round me room
when I was in the bog.
When I come back. she was gone.
and so was the stuff these
fuckers are ringing me about.
She thought she was looking after me.
All right. so let's go and
ask her where she's put them.
Then you're all square
with your hard mate.
Once that's sorted. I
can ask him for my favour.
He can break the neck of the
bastard who stole me money.
I'll drop him a few quid for his time. like.
So where's your daughter? Bed. leanne.
cos it's three in the morning. isn't it?
But she's at your ex-wife's.
right? Me ex-girlfriend.
Romantic. I'm stressed here.
Ok. ok. well. let's go to
your ex-whatever she's...
Whatever she is. and
ask your daughter. Emily.
Emily. We'll ask her where the drugs are.
Not happening. Why?
If my trace gets onto that. she'll
never let me see her again. ever.
She won't know what you're asking.
But she'll know
something heavy's going off
if I turn up to speak to Emily.
No. you're just visiting your d...
Yeah... What. you
don't see much of her?
But I'm trying to be better. I...
Ok. look. let's go to
her school. then. yeah?
You're her dad.
Just say you need to speak
to her for a few minutes.
Tell them it's an
emergency or something.
Once they get her out of class. done.
What school is it? What?
What school is it?
Seniors. Yeah. but
which one? I don't know.
You don't know the name
of your daughter's school?
Yeah.
No. not... I did. juniors. but...
Fucking hell. Matty.
I don't go there. do I?
You should take an
interest in her education.
Yeah. I do. She's doing history.
They all do history. you tit.
Yeah. fair enough. they do. yeah. Yeah.
What else can you tell me about
the school other than the name?
Er. red blazer.
Let's just speak to my kids
in the morning. They'll know.
After that. we speak to your mate. yeah?
But tonight. us...
Toilet is blocked.
All right.
Who do I ask for?
Your daughter. I don't
know what class she's in.
I don't know her teacher.
I feel like a right twat.
That's because you are one.
Look. I'm used to having to
talk to teachers about my kids.
Come on.
It's nice to finally meet you. mr Flynn.
Yes. you too. I don't like
bringing students out of class.
No. obviously. yeah.
It causes drama.
Well. it is an emergency.
as I was saying to my partner.
The issues that Emily suffers
with. they are stress-related. so...
Issues? What issues?
We'll bear that in mind.
What issues is she on about?
Ask your daughter.
Will you ask her about the issues?
I don't know what to say to a girl. do I?
She's not a girl. she's your daughter.
Hey. love.
Are you ok to be left alone
with your father. Emily?
Yes. miss. And we're
just down the corridor.
What'd you do with the bag?
Who's this?
I work with your dad. Selling drugs?
They're not mine. Then
why have you got them?
Because I had to look after
them. If I... I didn't have a choice.
I don't believe you. Right.
He's an addict. He lies. You should
know that if you're his girlfriend.
I'm not his girlfriend. All right.
I am standing here. you know. thank you.
Emily. if I don't get that
bag to the fella it belongs to.
mate. it's not going to be good for me.
I threw it in the brook.
Dagger brook?
Yeah.
I'm sorry. God.
I didn't think. I was angry. so I threw it.
Right. Where?
By the old bridge.
I... I'm sorry.
I didn't know. I thought...
I don't believe this.
Look. sorry. can you show us where?
Yeah. come 'head. let's go. I can't.
If I don't get that bag. Emily...
If I leave school. they'll ring mum.
It'll have to be after
school. I don't believe this.
Will you show us. then?
My head's battered here.
Ey up. ey up... She
said you've got issues.
So wh... What are they?
You.
Is this him?
God. he's going to kill
me. Look. don't mention it.
He won't say nothing in front of me.
Where the fuck have you been?
I've had man calling
me every ten minutes.
asking me where the drugs are.
Sorry... Look. that's his
house and that's his car.
I need my money back.
Are you gonna use that on
him? That depends on him.
He... Will he open the door to you?
I don't think so. not after what he's done.
All right. I'll open it.
You stay behind me. ok?
And when you see him.
and only when you're
absolutely sure that it is him.
you let me know. all right?
And. hey. it's a grand for this.
Yeah. Right.
"He won't say nothing
in front of me." Shut up.
Come on.
You robbing bastard!
Danny. where are you?
Bastard!
Where is he?
Empty.
You two owe me a grand.
You didn't do nothing.
You paid me for what I
can do. not for what I did.
Excuse me.
Are you the police?
Yes. love. Undercover.
He's gone to benidorm.
Danny? Last night. He's done a runner.
Said not to tell anyone.
Well done.
How long for? For ever.
Let's let uniform deal with it?
Thanks. love.
I've got loads on my feed.
Who are these people?
Open it. It's our Ruby.
It might be important.
It's just our Ruby. Thomas!
Ok.
What? What is it?
What?
It's just words. It's not just words.
My dad's got some paint in
the garage and a jet wash.
That'll sort... I'm gonna
get me head kicked in.
They're just trying to scare you.
You don't understand. Paige.
Something like this on our estate
can get your house burnt down.
Come on.
If Kennedy was gonna
burn your house down.
he would have done it by now.
Is that supposed to make me feel better?
You can tell the police.
What. and be a real grass?
Well. if you're scared of
him... I'm not scared of him.
No. sorry. Knock him out.
I just threw it as far as I could.
Christ.
I'm sorry. That's ok.
It's ok.
Right. stay here and give
us a shout if anyone's coming.
I can see it.
Thank god.
Right.
Give me your socks and your kecks.
You'll need your shoes.
Will you go in?
You what?
Will you go in for me?
Don't be daft.
I'm scared of water.
It's two foot deep.
Please.
Fuck's sake!
You're a fucking nightmare.
Who's tommo?
I'll kill him. I swear to god.
Here.
Put this on your nose. I'm not a Turkey.
It'll take down the swelling.
A steak. Steak takes
down swelling. not bacon.
Do I look like I've got steak in me fridge?
The whole estate's gonna see it.
Whether it's true or not doesn't matter.
The estate agent rang about
that flat you want to view this avvy.
You've got until six to let
them know... what's going on?
Have you seen the front of the house?
Are you wet? Have you seen
the front of the house. Kelly?
Tea or coffee? Er. I'll have a tea. please.
How much is it. love?
Sorry?
The milk.
- Answer the phone. Thomas.
- Hi. it's Thomas...
Hey. where's your brother?
They must have done it
when I was upstairs with Nana.
I mean it. Ruby. where
is he? I don't know.
He said that he's seeing Paige today.
Look on find your
phone. maybe. Find him.
Paige...
This is lovely.
Do you want anything? Pizza?
Yeah. yeah.
Sit.
Where is he?
What the hell do you
think you're playing at?
What do you mean? Going missing.
when the front of our house
looks like banksy's got a cob on.
Keep your voice down.
How did you know where
we were? Look at your phone.
I have looked at my phone.
So. what. you were just going to
sit here playing mummy and daddy.
you should be at home
sorting the front wall
and the trouble you've
got your family into.
Well. my dad's got a jet wash. so...
We were going to do coffee.
No. thank you. No. I'm sorry. I didn't...
Get your coat. I didn't
mean for this... now.
Well. if you'd just listen to him.
Wow. House is beautiful.
The white rug there and you've
got them shitty trainers on?
Mum. you're making a
show out of me. Get them off!
Mum. no! Thomas!
What are you doing?
Get them off. Thomas.
Is everything ok?
Hey. mum. this is my friend Thomas.
and this is his mum.
Leanne. Hello.
We're ju... we're just going. sorry.
No... no. you don't
have to go on my behalf.
Please. Paige. food.
There's some melon in
the fridge. There's one here.
Mum's been working
nights at the hospital.
Can you grab me the milk?
I told him to take his shoes off.
God. no. you don't have to do that.
He's got no manners.
Hey. Thomas. shoes on the carpet.
Sorry.
Thank you.
Bye.
Thomas. get in the car now!
Is that her?
Yeah. Yeah. well. don't answer it.
Why not? Because
she's trouble. that's why.
God. I don't believe you.
What have I done now?
Have you just woke up?
I have got me boss. Matty.
whitewashing the front of
the house because of you.
It's not my fault. If that's not bad enough.
you've spent the
afternoon smoking weed.
Never smoked weed. Don't test me.
Smells like Bob Marley's vest in here.
But even that. even that. I can take.
but you bring all this shit to my house.
the house that you share
with your 12-year-old sister
and your dementia-suffering
nan. I haven't done nothing wrong.
Don't try and worm your
way out of it. Thomas.
You know what you did is wrong.
Don't you dare... Try and
tell me what's right and wrong.
What?!
We're going to be made homeless.
What? You heard.
Who told you that? I've seen the letter.
Mum. don't try and lie to me.
It's in the box with all your
money in your wardrobe.
That is my savings.
Thomas. Yeah. whatever.
I just want you to set a
good example for your sister.
It's not my job. all right? None of this.
I'm just a kid.
It's not my job to look
after them. it's your job.
I'm just a kid.
I shouldn't have all
this shit to worry about.
There's this place. I'm gonna see it now.
Do you want to come with me?
We'll own it. It's going to be ok.
Yeah? Just the three of
us - you. me and Ruby.
Hiya. trace. is Emily there?
I just need to talk to her.
She... she walked away from me today.
Why did she walk away from you. Matty?
She walked away where?
She walked away why?
I know you were at the
school today. They rang me.
Yeah. You can't tell me that. either?
Who was it you were with. then?
Please. trace.
I don't understand
you. Don't start. please.
She's ok. She texted.
Did she tell you that she's got issues?
She's a teenage girl. Matty.
They are issues.
Is it because of the way I am?
Amongst other things.
I'm sorry.
You don't have to be sorry. Matty.
You just have to stop being such a tit.
Yeah. easier said than done.
I don't want you to think that I don't care.
I know you do.
Are you there?
Where?
Otterspool.
No.
You are.
I can hear it in your voice.
I just thought I'd pop over.
You only go there when you're
sad. I should move here. then.
You can talk to me. you know.
When it gets to you. the memories...
I'm still here for you.
Just cos we're not
together. it doesn't mean I...
I can listen.
Like. just on the edge of my vision.
I know he's there. Just...
And I know it's going
to happen again. It's...
But if I'm quick...
I don't have to look at it.
Do you know what I mean?
Love...
That's stupid. innit?
No. it's not.
I hear it. though.
The...
The water and the
shouting. and sometimes. I...
I feel it dragging. the water.
You know that feeling?
Yeah.
I feel that.
You were a kid.
I was a knobhead.
You still are a knobhead.
But you were a knobhead kid then.
Yeah.
I try so hard. trace. I really do.
I really. really do.
I know.
Will you tell her. please?
I already do.
I love her. I love her
so... I love her so much.
She loves you. too.
Yeah.
Look after yourself. yeah. knobhead?
You too.
I'm not living here.
Well. it's not up to you.
Come. I'm coming.
Hi.
Me feet are killing me. Are they?
Thomas.
Show yourselves around.
It'll take me ten minutes to
get up there with these feet.
Yeah. thanks. 62a. first on the right.
What's up with your
feet? Agony. Pure agony.
Come on.
Er. what number did that
guy say it was? Six... 60...
62a. he said.
Come on.
Why are we even here?
It could be nice.
It's terrible. Yeah. well...
Bit of work. yeah. but
for the price. it's great.
The area. though. Well.
it's handy for the buses.
Mum. it's a shithole.
Hey. don't swear.
I'm not living here. Bit of paint. Mum...
No. Look. we don't have a choice.
No! Thomas. we don't have a choice.
Do you understand?
We were... We're going
to be made homeless.
When Nana goes into
care. we could be split up.
This is our only option. Mum.
how could I bring Paige here?
She lives in a mansion. mum.
How could I let her see us here?
It's bad enough where
we are now. but this place -
I'd rather be in care.
Look. a home. a house. it's...
It's not the place. it's... It's the
people you're sharing it with.
You know. it's not bricks and mortar.
it's love and laughter.
That's on the wall behind me. innit?
It's good. There was a thing that...
It's good. isn't it?
I think that's good.
I can't believe you tried
to get away with that one.
Look. can we just think about it. please?
Talk about it. at least. just as an option.
Ok.
Thank you. Come on.
Get a glass. you.
What's up?
Nothing.
There's trouble at work.
Someone's been on the Rob.
and he... He sacked everyone.
Who was it?
Was it you?
No.
Fucking hell. Taylor.
Well. you should find out. Alan.
You should watch if
he stops trusting you.
Well. he's long stopped trusting me.
But he gives you thousands
of pounds to mind every night.
That's not trust. it's your job.
I used to be his number two.
and now I'm just a bag man.
Babe.
The only one he's kept on is Neil.
Your Neil? Yeah.
I'm gonna have to batter him.
Why?
To let him know what'll happen
if we found out he was involved.
Or if he gets light-fingered in the future.
Poor Neil.
Is Gary gonna be there?
His temper.
He's an animal.
You fuck up once with him.
then you're fucked up for everything.
What happened to you?
What are you doing here?
How did you get me address?
You are fucking kidding me.
You all right. lad? All right. kid. yeah.
You? Yeah. sound.
Want about 12k across
the tables tonight. yeah?
All right. boss.
I think you've been
stealing from the casino.
Er. no... You're a gambling addict.
Look. I could take you in right now.
but you're no good to
me if you're arrested.
You're bleeding again.
Tilt your head back.
You're going to do a job for me.
Tea?
Don't you dare get blood
on that settee. Matthew.
Upstairs.
Hey. dickhead. get in the Van.
Leave the fucking bike. obviously.
A gangster?
He owns taxis. he's not a gangster.
Gary packer has a
series of front businesses.
one of which is taxi driving.
I've known him for years.
You've been acquainted for
years. You don't know him.
What's... what's this got to do with me?
He's laundering drug
money through the casino.
No.
No. he doesn't.
He only comes in when his mum does
her figures meetings once a quarter.
Other than that. we never see him.
People play with his money for him.
But then he'd be losing the money.
You don't lose if you own the place.
You're not seeing it cos
you're too busy stealing it.
I've been watching you for months.
You don't know for sure. then. do you?
So you are? No.
That's not... no.
You have a legal obligation to
report suspected money laundering.
You're going to lose your licence.
The casino will lose their licence.
People will lose their jobs.
I mean. there's even a chance... What?
A court may think you're
complicit in the crime.
What?! Serious jail time.
God.
I just want packer.
I don't want you.
I just want him.
No.
Well. then...
You're under arrest for
possession of class-a drugs
with the intent to supply.
Wow. what's that?
It's the coke that fell out
of your pocket just then.
Once you're locked up.
I'll come back here
with a section 18 warrant
and I'll turn this house over just for fun.
How do you think
your mum will like that?
All right.
All right. then.
Who's robbing?
Was it you? Oi...
I swear. it weren't me.
I can't.
I can't. mate. do you know what I mean?
He's had enough. mate.
Gary...
Gary!
Get him back to work.
Sorry.
Didn't mean... I didn't
mean to scare you there.
You ok?
Yeah. yeah.
I wanted to grab a minute
with you. though. if that's ok.
Er. yeah.
I... I feel daft.
What?
All right. look...
I would like to ask you out on a date.
Tonight? I can't tonight. I'm
working. No. not tonight. like.
Well. you know...
Me mum would kill me if you
pulled a sickie. No. another night.
No. I do... I don't know. I...
Er...
I'm not normally like this.
Like what? Like a kid.
I don't know...
All right. yeah. Yeah? Yeah.
Yeah? Sound.
Is that a new gaff there?
Er. it's... We're looking for a new place.
Er. we've... I've got to
find somewhere quick. so...
The house looks lovely.
It's all we can afford. Yeah. yeah.
Well. listen. I've got. er...
I've got places all over the city. you know.
like flats. houses. right?
They're nice ones. so if you
need somewhere. I can sort it.
I don't... no... thank you.
No worries.
I need to... yeah. yeah... Go in. so...
Yeah. yeah. got that.
So...
Well. I'll bell you about that date. then?
Come on! Get in!
Hey. do you want to take your break?
How you doing? You
ok? Enjoying yourself?
Trina. can you jump into
table four. please? Thank you.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm